when they're looking at their Power
Rankings 4tl they need to
cross-reference the current crypto
market at the graph of the like let me
just look at Bitcoin graph
I'm joined right now by expending on the
second day of the NA LCS coverage
brought to you by Omni slash to talk
about Team Liquid you guys are on a bit
of a tear right now you know going to Oh
a lot of people didn't know what was
gonna happen between you guys and TSM
now you're here did you were you feeling
this confident going into the games yeah
like last year we're always we were
already thinking about like what we're
gonna do at MSI so like like what meta
like what met is it gonna be there like
if we can adapt you know so yeah we're
we're kind of thinking a little bit just
a little bit ahead sorry I am way behind
what are your concerns about the teams
that you're gonna face at MSI and how do
you think you're gonna do against them
um I think Samsung will wait was there a
kiss me kiss me kiss me is like will be
a really a really really hard opponent
okay and then like wait Levi's not here
and I don't know who DT uh I think I
think Schalke well there will be the the
one to be really looking forward against
are you worried about Boris their
support oh oh is in there yeah oh yeah
worse is actually like a player to watch
right now no okay let's talk about this
team liquid lineup does it feel like it
used to when you were on CLG because you
know you've got three of the five um I
guess it's like kind of similar to like
the old still uses like three fifths of
the players are there but um like
shotcalling wise it's like much
different because like before I was like
I was in I don't even think I was like a
secondary shock like well it like back
then but now I'm like sort of the
shot-caller but like sometimes not like
it's just like free like free going and
then yeah like we're still freaking out
how do you do it the best way double
have talked a lot about you yesterday in
the interview he said that you are
completely different in front of the an
interview so this is like you get all
quiet and you don't say any I think even
so you get dumb interviews really
okay do you feel but since he spent a
lot of time talking about you yesterday
I feel comfortable asking you about him
do you feel like he has changed since
you played with him a couple years ago
on CLG um I think Peter is like kind of
nice now before like he was like the
opposite like I think he matured a
little bit just a little bit just a
little bit just a little bit and then
yeah and then he's teaching about like
crypto cryptocurrencies not legal yet so
it's I don't feel like it's a bad idea
to talk about here I don't know I
thought it was like a taboo you know
what happens when he gives you bad
financial advice you lose a ton of money
and a designer create a rift on the rift
yeah then scrim boom and then yeah
that's that's like a turning point a
breaking point okay very good good
reference yeah I think so basically what
people need to be doing is when they're
looking at their Power Rankings 4tl they
need to cross-reference the current
crypto market the graph of the like let
me just look at Bitcoin graph and like
if it goes on then I like yeah just
don't don't don't against that's like
don't pick us in your fantasy pretty
much time to swap people out I got you
similarly pobelter
said on stage with awfully that he
wanted to he felt like in the past he's
been overshadowed by a lot of the other
players in North America and the
middling position like behind barracks
and others do you and you and I have
talked about this before and that a lot
of people talk about dar doc or you know
whose fan or contracts whatever nobody
ever talks about xmithie so do you do
you have that sense yet is this you know
pobelter wants to prove himself this
year do you have that at all or do you
still kind of not care yeah I think
Eugene will have this time this year
it's like the same thing I was like last
but for me like I got like what was it
like middle of the split MVP or
something and then like almost gotta be
P as the end but yeah like Eugene is
doing really really well right now and
then like yeah like I fully trust in his
abilities to be the best mid world yeah
and you feel like you proved yourself
already um like I think I proved myself
I was like eh I guess like I just like
an average to decent jungler jungler
last split and now like I'm sort of
striving to be like that leader that
everyone wants to be with what do you
think of contracts
I think comics are really good jungler
yeah like I I actually actually see
myself in him like when I was like maybe
like five years ago like he like kind of
plays similarly so yeah I think he's I
think he's up and not really upcoming
because he was yeah so now that you know
I do at least interviews a year I think
in every year we do the update so now
lemon is competing again so you're no
longer the oldest player in the ALCS
yeah do you feel that when you're
playing to your fingers start to creak
when you're trying to click out the vows
or the keyboard um I think I think I'm
gonna just my mother liked to put it
closer to me so like hmm it's like I
need to you it's like it's like an csgo
players like be like let me put it in
there in front of their screen like
maybe there's like a secret into it you
know it's like maybe if I put it closer
like I can hit my skill shots better but
it hasn't worked out so far do you think
you can land like a Metamucil
sponsorship or so it's like it's stuff
that you take for your joints or is it
fiber I don't know it's fiber okay yeah
it's for digestion stuff but I think
it's generally aimed at an older
audience you know because you get to
have digestion issues when you get older
yeah I'll probably like some diabetes
like soup or something yeah I'm getting
there do they have a soup I'm familiar
with it cuz my grandfather used to have
like a really really sour like like it
looks like tea but it's like really sour
and like he said he takes it for like
his diabetes and like it makes it better
or something you can hit it monster and
ask for some sort of deal between the
two of them you know like do you have
any it East uh for me yeah for your
joints and improving your vision well
that's good Exmouth ii where seem like
we're gonna end up at the end of the
split um well we're hoping for first
place like I said
ms:i looking forward to MSI with you
probably at least
semi-finals at Worlds you know okay so
yeah we're just uh aiming pretty big
like like big Steve okay like big Steve
very good well thank you so much for the
interview anything you want to say to
any other teamliquid fans out there um
we'll walk on board and then yeah thanks
for supporting us I don't know what else
to say it's like thank you I guess
thank you I feel like that's in the past
I feel like you've even just said no
that's what luminary says he says no but
you're getting better
who cares her double-f says you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel I know I know you wanted the
avila outro and instead you're getting
this one but guess what if you subscribe
not only will you get more LCS
interviews brought to you by Omni slash
but you also might have a chance of
getting the Avila outro in the future so
you should definitely do that